docs: video masking (#65)
telerik/fiddler-jam-docs: security.md

- Any that match `application/*` and have either the text `json`, `xml`, or `x-www-form-urlencoded` on the right side.

- For all XHR requests that return data in other unsupported MIME types, except those containing the `text/*` pattern, the content is fully masked (removed).

- For all non-XHR request that returns data in other unsupported MIME types, the content is not modified and is left as is.

- For data containing the `text/*` pattern when it can't be parsed to `json`, `xml`, or `x-www-form-urlencoded`, the content is not modified and is left as is.

## Masking Video

> When the **Capture Video** option is enabled from the capturing options, the Jam extension will record a video that contains all interactions made by the extension user. By default, the Jam extension will try to recognize any sensitive data related to payments and mask it. As a result, most payment-related forms are explicitly hidden in the outputted video recording. Please note that the Jam video masking does not cover 100% of all real-life cases, so always verify that the recording does not contain sensitive data that you wouldn't want to share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Capture Video** option is enabled from the capturing options, the Jam extension will record a video that contains all interactions made by the extension user. By default, the Jam extension will try to recognize any sensitive data related to payments and mask it. As a result, most payment-related forms are explicitly hidden in the produced video recording. Note that the Jam video masking does not cover 100% of all real-life cases, so always verify that the recording does not contain sensitive data that you wouldn't want to share.
```

Before you record a log, consider the following security concerns:

- **Capture video**&mdash;(Enabled by default) The option creates a screencast of the user interactions from the initial browser tab and not from the tabs that were additionally opened. Before recording a log, consider disabling the video recording option if your screen displays sensitive data.

- **Capture screenshots**&mdash;(Enabled by default) The option will add a screenshot of your actions from the active Chrome tab. Before recording a log, consider disabling the screenshot option if your screen displays sensitive data.

- **Capture console**&mdash;(Enabled by default) The option includes all developer console outputs in the recorded log.

- **Capture storage info**&mdash;(Enabled by default) The option captures local (session) storage data from each inspected tab.

- **Mask cookies**&mdash;(Enabled by default) While cookie key names are still readable, the option masks all cookie values so they won't be visible to the portal users who receive the log.

- **Disable cache**&mdash;(Enabled by default) The option sets the `Cache-Control` and `Pragma` headers to a `no-cache` value on each network request.

> - **Clear cookies, cache and storage on start**&mdash;(Disabled by default) Clear cookies, cache, and storage of the starting page when the capturing is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Clear cookies, cache, and storage on start**&mdash;(Disabled by default) Clear cookies, cache, and storage of the starting page when the capturing is started.
```
